README.md, before:

<img align="right" width="250" height="250" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AndBible/and-bible/develop/svg/logo.svg?sanitized=true">

[![Android CI](https://github.com/AndBible/and-bible/workflows/Run%20tests/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://github.com/AndBible/and-bible/actions/workflows/run-tests.yml)
[![Licence](https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-GPL-blue.svg)](https://github.com/tuomas2/automate/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)
   
# AndBible: Bible Study

Powerful offline open source Bible Study tool for Android

[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
     alt="Get it on F-Droid"
     height="80">](https://f-droid.org/packages/net.bible.android.activity/)
[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png"
     alt="Get it on Google Play"
     height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.bible.android.activity)

## Promovideo

[See promovideo in Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xf7m4rSuxGw)

## Users
Please see the [Home Page](https://andbible.org/).

For help see the [wiki](https://github.com/andbible/and-bible/wiki) or the 
[FAQ](https://github.com/andbible/and-bible/wiki/FAQ).

## Developers

Do you know Android development, Kotlin, Javascript and/or Vue.js? These are the main technologies used in the project. If you are a developer, your skills might be of great use in this project. Pull requests are welcome! See [developer documentation](https://github.com/AndBible/and-bible/wiki/Developer-documentation)
in wiki.

## Translators

Everyone is welcome to help translating AndBible to different languages via
easy to use web-based Transifex tool. Please see our [Wiki page](https://github.com/AndBible/and-bible/wiki/Translating-User-Interface)
to get started.

## All Contributors
There are so many ways to contribute to AndBible! See our [contributor guide](https://github.com/AndBible/and-bible/wiki/How-to-contribute).

## Sponsor AndBible development

You can support AndBible project in terms of money by sponsoring professional software development working time.

For more information, see [WIKI page](https://github.com/AndBible/and-bible/wiki/Buy-development-work).

## Development team

- [Tuomas Airaksinen](https://github.com/tuomas2) project lead, developer
- [Timmy Braun](https://github.com/timbze), developer
- [Jan-Jaap Korpershoek](https://github.com/JJK96), developer
- [Matt Schlosser](https://github.com/mattschlosser), developer
- [Ben Vahedy](https://github.com/bvahedy), QA, testing & reporting bugs
- [Andrew Rogers](https://github.com/agrogers), UX/UI design, project management, email support

## Acknowledgements

AndBible was originally developed by [Martin Denham](https://github.com/mjdenham) (2010-2018)

## Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

- [Terms of Service](https://andbible.org/terms.html)
- [Privacy Policy](https://andbible.org/privacy.html)

## Licence

AndBible is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License 
as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

AndBible is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty 
of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with AndBible. 
If not, see https://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

Commit message:

Update readme shields
- Fix broken Android CI shield
- Add Matrix shield
- Add Sponsor shield
- Add matrix link to `Users` section

README.md, after:

<img align="right" width="250" height="250" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AndBible/and-bible/develop/svg/logo.svg?sanitized=true">

![GitHub Actions Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/andbible/and-bible/run-tests.yml?branch=develop&label=Android%20CI)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/andbible/and-bible)
![Matrix](https://img.shields.io/matrix/andbible%3Amatrix.org?logo=Matrix&logoColor=green&logoSize=auto&label=Matrix%20Chat)
<a href="https://shop.tuomasairaksinen.fi">![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%9D%A4%EF%B8%8F%20Sponsor%20AndBible%20-%20blue)</a>
   
# AndBible: Bible Study

Powerful offline open source Bible Study tool for Android

[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
     alt="Get it on F-Droid"
     height="80">](https://f-droid.org/packages/net.bible.android.activity/)
[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png"
     alt="Get it on Google Play"
     height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.bible.android.activity)

## Promo Video

[See promovideo in Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xf7m4rSuxGw)

## Users
Please see the [Home Page](https://andbible.org/).

For help see the [wiki](https://github.com/andbible/and-bible/wiki) or the 
[FAQ](https://github.com/andbible/and-bible/wiki/FAQ) or chat with us on [matrix](https://matrix.to/#/#andbible:matrix.org).

## Developers

Do you know Android development, Kotlin, Javascript and/or Vue.js? These are the main technologies used in the project. If you are a developer, your skills might be of great use in this project. Pull requests are welcome! See [developer documentation](https://github.com/AndBible/and-bible/wiki/Developer-documentation)
in wiki.

## Translators

Everyone is welcome to help translating AndBible to different languages via
easy to use web-based Transifex tool. Please see our [Wiki page](https://github.com/AndBible/and-bible/wiki/Translating-User-Interface)
to get started.

## All Contributors
There are so many ways to contribute to AndBible! See our [contributor guide](https://github.com/AndBible/and-bible/wiki/How-to-contribute).

## Sponsor AndBible development

You can support AndBible project in terms of money by sponsoring professional software development working time.

For more information, see [WIKI page](https://github.com/AndBible/and-bible/wiki/Buy-development-work).

## Development team

- [Tuomas Airaksinen](https://github.com/tuomas2) project lead, developer
- [Timmy Braun](https://github.com/timbze), developer
- [Jan-Jaap Korpershoek](https://github.com/JJK96), developer
- [Matt Schlosser](https://github.com/mattschlosser), developer
- [Ben Vahedy](https://github.com/bvahedy), QA, testing & reporting bugs
- [Andrew Rogers](https://github.com/agrogers), UX/UI design, project management, email support

## Acknowledgements

AndBible was originally developed by [Martin Denham](https://github.com/mjdenham) (2010-2018)

## Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

- [Terms of Service](https://andbible.org/terms.html)
- [Privacy Policy](https://andbible.org/privacy.html)

## Licence

AndBible is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License 
as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

AndBible is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty 
of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with AndBible. 
If not, see https://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
